Resources to get started on Tink openbanking API : https://docs.tink.com/resources/getting-started/set-up-your-account

Resources to get started on Klarna's openbanking API : https://docs.openbanking.klarna.com/

Tink vs Klarna will be a interesting comparison that I don't have time right now to get into. 
But that analysis is required at some point in the future.

What are these openbanking APIs?
Open banking can be defined as a common model in which banking data is shared between two or more independent parties through APIs to provide advanced capabilities to the market. Ever since the EU’s PSD2 and the UK's Open Banking Standard was introduced at the start of 2018, Open Banking initiatives, lead by regulatory and technological developments, continue to advance and proliferate.

Design choices : 
1. Frontend in react-js, html, css. (No great personal xp here.)
2. Backend in Python(Flask + Graphql)
3. Database : PostgresDB
4. Servers - AWS/Azure - Check for startup offers with both, they give free credits for startups for MVPs.

POC features and requirements: 
1. Ability to fetch my own(or Chaithra's) bank account details from Commerzbank and Ing Diba. Preferrably all details that are found in the Numbrs app.
2. Store them in the database. Do analytics and show sample stats that are present in Numbrs.
3. Have a basic frontend to show all of these stats and numbers from the various accounts linked on a webpage.
4. Complete separation of backend and frontend.
5. Complete modularity of backend design with the provider API. The provider API should be plug-and-play. 
  
   What does that plug-and-play for provider API even mean? 

   It means the data that'll used in the views should be generated by the controller which talks to a backend service that queries the DB.

   Then how does the DB get filled? 

   DB gets filled by another openbanking-fetch-{provider_name} service that gets information from the provider API. When the user initally logs in or refreshes their account this openbanking-fetch-{provider_name} service queries the provider API for all data and populates the DB. Existing data shouldn't be duplicated in the DB when fetching again.
